Add new graph ops endpoints (#130)
neo4j/graph-data-science-client: changelog/1.3.0.md

## New features

* Add MLP training method `addMLP` to link prediction and node classification pipelines.

> * Add new graph operations endpoints in gds >2.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add support for new graph catalog endpoints in GDS >= 2.2.0.
```
